General general
general
What's your name?
Mercy Young Mercy
It turned out that the person I rescued by the river back then
The current emperor
It turns out that the person I've been thinking about is you
It's just that God has eyes
Back then, I was alone and cautiously beheaded the leader of the enemy army
It was a covert operation
But I don't know why it was known in advance
Caught in a siege
Several soldiers died with incense
I just broke through the siege
Finally fainted by the river due to exhaustion
If you hadn't saved me back then
I might have really died there
It is the blessing of the concubine to be able to save the emperor
Back then, the concubine sneaked out to play
By the river again
If my parents find out
I have to break the concubine's legs
So the concubine stole someone else to take care of you
I never expected my love for so many years
I paid the wrong one.
That being the case
I will give Miss Yao some silver taels
Let him leave the palace
Anyway.
Miss Yao has the kindness to take care of the emperor
If I drive him away
It is inevitable that the world will feel that the emperor is ruthless
I understand what you're saying.
I remember what you said at that time
He must be here at this moment for some reason
Besides, you are pregnant now.
I'm afraid he's not good for you